The file desconocido.nuc.fa, has the snucleotide sequence of a transcript that you found after studying the 
differentially expressed genes responding to ultraviolet light in Arabidopsis thaliana. This particular transcript
is induced when the plant is grown under UV. 

Copy the sequence of the transcript and go to http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ using Google Chrome. You should make a 
BLAST search, using the blastx option. Please describe what blastx does and how it can help in this context?

Make sure to restrict your search to green plants (Viridiplantae), and that you are querying the non-redundant peptide/protein database.
Please note that as we are carrying out a translated search we can select from a variety of genetic codees, make sure you have
the standard genetic code selected. What are the differences among the available genetic codes?

In the search page there is a sectrion under “Algorithm parameters”. Under “General parameters”, you will findthe Expected threshold or
E value, which is the number of alignments/hits with a score equal or higher than that obtained in your search, but generated by chance.
This is perhaps the most important parameter to filter your results. As a general rule of thumb, e-values smaller than 1 × 10−5 represent
homologous sequences. In the section “Scoring parameters”, you can select the substitution matrix (choose BLOSUM80) and the penalties for 
gap opening and extension. Please note that there is a difference among these two values, can you tell why is that?

Click on the BLAST link.

Some of your alignments migth have regions where the bases appear in gray and in lowercase latter, What does that mean? Can you tell
anything about the function of your transcript?

Now that we have a hint about the function of our transcript, let try to pinpoint their location in the Arabidopsis thaliana genome.
For this we will use again the desconoidico.nuc.fa sequence, bvut will make a blastn search instead, again the chromosome sequences of Arabidopsis
thaliana. Aftyer getting a general idea about the location of the transcript in the genome, use Splign to refine that
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sutils/splign/splign.cgi
